README.md, before:

# __GQAnalyzer__: Package to create hydrogeochemical plots
[![CRAN_Status_Badge](http://www.r-pkg.org/badges/version/rves)](https://cran.r-project.org/package=GQAnalyzer)
[![HitCount](http://hits.dwyl.io/khaors/rves.svg)](http://hits.dwyl.io/khaors/GQAnalyzer)

The goal of GQAnalyzer is to create several plots routenely used in hydrogeochemistry including:

- Ternary diagrams
- Piper plots
- Durov plots
- Stiff diagrams
- Maucha diagrams
- Multirectangular diagrams
- Schoeller diagrams
- Radial diagrams

## Installation 

The GQAnalyzer package is not available on CRAN and therefore it must be installed from github using:

```r
devtools::install_github("khaors/GQAnalyzer")
```

## Usage

The pumpingtest package does not require compilations and once installed it can be directly used by loading it: 

```r
library(GQAnalyzer)
```

## Package Documentation

The package documentation can be accesed [here](https://khaors.github.io/pumpingtest/) 

## Shiny App

This package includes a shiny app called _GQAnalyzer\_gui_ designed to help in the interpretation of the Vertical Electric Soundings. This app can be called using:

```r
GQAnalyzer_gui()
```

## Contact
 [![contributions welcome](https://img.shields.io/badge/contributions-welcome-brightgreen.svg?style=flat)](https://github.com/khaors/GQAnalyzer/issues)

Want to help or have questions? Contact me directly, use an issue, fork me or submit a pull request.

## License

GPL

Commit message:

Mixing functions updated. Minor modifications to NAMESPACE and DESCRIPTION files.

README.md, after:

# __GQAnalyzer__: Package to analyze hydrogeochemical and fluid geothermal data
[![CRAN_Status_Badge](http://www.r-pkg.org/badges/version/rves)](https://cran.r-project.org/package=GQAnalyzer)
[![HitCount](http://hits.dwyl.io/khaors/rves.svg)](http://hits.dwyl.io/khaors/GQAnalyzer)

The goal of GQAnalyzer is to be a tool to support the analysis of different types of geological fluids (groundwater and geothermal waters).
This package includes several functions to create plots routinely used in hydrogeochemistry and analysis of geothermal fluid including:

- Ternary diagrams
- Piper plots
- Durov plots
- Stiff diagrams
- Maucha diagrams
- Multirectangular diagrams
- Schoeller diagrams
- Radial diagrams
- ilr compositional plots
- Giggenbach plot

The package includes functions to calculate several geothermometers including:

- Silica geothermometers
- Fournier-Potter geothermometer
- Na-K geothermometers
- Na-K-Ca geothermometer
- K-Mg geothermometer
- Mg-Li geothermometer

In addition, the package includes a set of functions to study mixing of different types of groundwater using the M3 algorithm.

## Installation 

The GQAnalyzer package is not available on CRAN and therefore it must be installed from github using:

```r
devtools::install_github("khaors/GQAnalyzer")
```

## Usage

The pumpingtest package does not require compilations and once installed it can be directly used by loading it: 

```r
library(GQAnalyzer)
```

## Package Documentation

The package documentation can be accesed [here](https://khaors.github.io/pumpingtest/) 

## Shiny App

This package includes a shiny app called _GQAnalyzer\_gui_ designed to help in the interpretation of the Vertical Electric Soundings. This app can be called using:

```r
GQAnalyzer_gui()
```

## Contact
 [![contributions welcome](https://img.shields.io/badge/contributions-welcome-brightgreen.svg?style=flat)](https://github.com/khaors/GQAnalyzer/issues)

Want to help or have questions? Contact me directly, use an issue, fork me or submit a pull request.

## License

GPL
